docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to **FlatWP** - the easiest way to build modern, performant websites with WordPress and Next.js.

## What is FlatWP?

FlatWP is a complete starter kit that combines WordPress's easy content management with Next.js's speed and modern features. Get started quickly and build websites that are fast, beautiful, and easy to maintain.

### Key Features

- ⚡ **Lightning Fast**: Optimized performance with smart caching
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI**: Modern design with TailwindCSS and pre-built components
- 🔄 **Auto-Updates**: Content changes in WordPress appear on your site automatically
- 📱 **Mobile-Ready**: Fully responsive on all devices
- 🔧 **Easy Customization**: Change colors, add features, and extend functionality
- 🚀 **React Dashboard**: Modern WordPress admin with real-time monitoring
- 📦 **Open Source**: Free to use with MIT license

## What You'll Need

Before getting started with FlatWP, make sure you have:

- **Node.js** version 20.0 or higher
- **WordPress** 6.0+ with WPGraphQL plugin
- **Package Manager**: npm, yarn, or pnpm (we recommend pnpm)
- Basic knowledge of WordPress and web development

## Quick Links

<div class="margin-vert--lg">
  <a href="/docs/quick-start" class="button button--primary button--lg">
    Quick Start Guide →
  </a>
  <a href="/docs/acf-setup" class="button button--secondary button--lg" style={{marginLeft: '1rem'}}>
    ACF Setup
  </a>
</div>

## What's Included

FlatWP comes with everything you need:

### Next.js Starter Template
- Pre-built pages (Home, Blog, About, Contact)
- Responsive navigation and footer
- Blog post layout with featured images
- Page builder with flexible content blocks
- Contact form with email integration
- Search functionality
- SEO optimization

### WordPress Plugin
- Modern React-based admin dashboard
- Real-time connection monitoring
- Cache management interface
- Automatic revalidation webhooks
- Preview mode for draft content
- Settings management

### Ready-to-Use Components
- 8 content block types (Hero, Features, CTA, Testimonials, etc.)
- 2 sidebar widget types
- Image optimization with blur placeholders
- Responsive design system
- Dark mode support

## Tech Stack

Built with modern, battle-tested technologies:

- **Next.js 15** - React framework with App Router
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **TailwindCSS** - Utility-first styling
- **Shadcn/ui** - Beautiful, accessible components
- **WordPress** - Powerful content management
- **WPGraphQL** - Efficient data fetching
- **ACF Pro** - Flexible custom fields (optional)

## Next Steps

Ready to build your first FlatWP site? Follow our [Quick Start Guide](/docs/quick-start) to get up and running in under 10 minutes.

### Learning Path

1. **[Quick Start](/docs/quick-start)** - Install and set up in 10 minutes
2. **[ACF Setup](/docs/acf-setup)** - Configure custom fields with examples
3. **[Customization](/docs/customization)** - Customize colors, components, and features
4. **[WordPress Plugin](/docs/wordpress-plugin)** - Learn about the React dashboard
5. **[Configuration](/docs/configuration)** - Advanced configuration options
6. **[Deployment](/docs/deployment)** - Deploy to production

## Who Is This For?

FlatWP is perfect for:

- **Freelancers** building client websites
- **Agencies** delivering modern WordPress projects
- **Developers** wanting to use React with WordPress
- **Bloggers** who want better performance
- **Anyone** building content-driven websites

## Community & Support

- **GitHub**: [github.com/flatwp](https://github.com/flatwp)
- **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/flatwp/flatwp-starter/discussions)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/flatwp/flatwp-starter/issues)
- **Website**: [flatwp.com](https://flatwp.com)

## License

FlatWP is open source and MIT licensed. Free to use for personal and commercial projects! 🚀

Commit message:

Add FAQ and Troubleshooting documentation; include horizontal logo SVG

docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to **FlatWP** - the easiest way to build modern, performant websites with WordPress and Next.js.

## What is FlatWP?

FlatWP is a complete starter kit that combines WordPress's easy content management with Next.js's speed and modern features. Get started quickly and build websites that are fast, beautiful, and easy to maintain.

### Key Features

- ⚡ **Lightning Fast**: Optimized performance with smart caching
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI**: Modern design with TailwindCSS and pre-built components
- 🔄 **Auto-Updates**: Content changes in WordPress appear on your site automatically
- 📱 **Mobile-Ready**: Fully responsive on all devices
- 🔧 **Easy Customization**: Change colors, add features, and extend functionality
- 🚀 **React Dashboard**: Modern WordPress admin with real-time monitoring
- 📦 **Open Source**: Free to use with MIT license

## What You'll Need

Before getting started with FlatWP, make sure you have:

- **Node.js** version 20.0 or higher
- **WordPress** 6.0+ with WPGraphQL plugin
- **Package Manager**: npm, yarn, or pnpm (we recommend pnpm)
- Basic knowledge of WordPress and web development

:::info Prerequisites Check
Not sure if you have everything? Run these commands:
```bash
node --version  # Should be 20.0 or higher
npm --version   # Any recent version
```
:::



## Quick Links

<div class="margin-vert--lg">
  <a href="/docs/quick-start" class="button button--primary button--lg">
    Quick Start Guide →
  </a>
  <a href="/docs/acf-setup" class="button button--secondary button--lg" style={{marginLeft: '1rem'}}>
    ACF Setup
  </a>
</div>

## What's Included

FlatWP comes with everything you need:

### Next.js Starter Template
- Pre-built pages (Home, Blog, About, Contact)
- Responsive navigation and footer
- Blog post layout with featured images
- Page builder with flexible content blocks
- Contact form with email integration
- Search functionality
- SEO optimization

### WordPress Plugin
- Modern React-based admin dashboard
- Real-time connection monitoring
- Cache management interface
- Automatic revalidation webhooks
- Preview mode for draft content
- Settings management

### Ready-to-Use Components
- 8 content block types (Hero, Features, CTA, Testimonials, etc.)
- 2 sidebar widget types
- Image optimization with blur placeholders
- Responsive design system
- Dark mode support

## Tech Stack

Built with modern, battle-tested technologies:

- **Next.js 15** - React framework with App Router
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **TailwindCSS** - Utility-first styling
- **Shadcn/ui** - Beautiful, accessible components
- **WordPress** - Powerful content management
- **WPGraphQL** - Efficient data fetching
- **ACF Pro** - Flexible custom fields (optional)

:::tip Why These Technologies?
Each tool is chosen for production-ready reliability, active community support, and excellent documentation. You're building on a solid foundation used by thousands of sites.
:::

## Next Steps

Ready to build your first FlatWP site? Follow our [Quick Start Guide](/docs/quick-start) to get up and running in under 10 minutes.

### Learning Path

1. **[Quick Start](/docs/quick-start)** - Install and set up in 10 minutes
2. **[ACF Setup](/docs/acf-setup)** - Configure custom fields with examples
3. **[Customization](/docs/customization)** - Customize colors, components, and features
4. **[WordPress Plugin](/docs/wordpress-plugin)** - Learn about the React dashboard
5. **[Configuration](/docs/configuration)** - Advanced configuration options
6. **[Deployment](/docs/deployment)** - Deploy to production

## Who Is This For?

FlatWP is perfect for:

- **Freelancers** building client websites
- **Agencies** delivering modern WordPress projects
- **Developers** wanting to use React with WordPress
- **Bloggers** who want better performance
- **Anyone** building content-driven websites

## Community & Support

- **GitHub**: [github.com/flatwp](https://github.com/flatwp)
- **Discussions**: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/flatwp/flatwp-starter/discussions)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/flatwp/flatwp-starter/issues)
- **Website**: [flatwp.com](https://flatwp.com)

## License

FlatWP is open source and MIT licensed. Free to use for personal and commercial projects! 🚀
